NXP-31794: Document nuxeo.bulk.action.blobGC.enabled (#2082)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-content: src/nxdoc/nuxeo-server/administration/configuration-parameters-index-nuxeoconf.md

* * *

### `nuxeo.bulk.action.blobGC.enabled`

> Switch to enable/disable Immediate Document's blobs Garbage Collection (introduced by https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/NXP-31594)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Switch to enable/disable Immediate Document's blobs Garbage Collection (See [NXP-31594](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/NXP-31594) for more details).
```
